doc(pe): Document policy options (#601)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/plugin-guide/plugin-policy-engine/packages/spinnaker.http.authz/tasks/type.createApplication.md

---
title: "Task Type: createApplication"
linktitle: "createApplication"
description: "A policy call is made for this type anytime a user attmpts to create a new application."
---

- **Path:** tasks
- **Method:** Post
- **Package:** `spinnaker.http.authz`

## Example Payload

<details><summary>Click to expand</summary>

```json
{
  "input": {
    "body": {
      "application": "aftest",
      "description": "Create Application: aftest",
      "job": [
        {
          "application": {
            "cloudProviders": "",
            "email": "af@test.com",
            "instancePort": 80,
            "name": "aftest"
          },
          "type": "createApplication",
          "user": "myUserName"
        }
      ]
    },
    "method": "POST",
    "path": [
      "tasks"
    ],
    "user": {
      "isAdmin": false,
      "roles": [
        {
          "name": "armory-io",
          "source": "GITHUB_TEAMS"
        },
        {
          "name": "productmanagers",
          "source": "GITHUB_TEAMS"
        }
      ],
      "username": "myUserName"
    }
  }
}
```
</details>

## Example Policy

> - This policy will disable the ability to create new applications for non-admin users unless their role is 'applicationCreators'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This policy disables the ability to create new applications for non-admin users unless their role is 'applicationCreators'.
```

  {{< prism lang="rego" line-numbers="true" >}}
  package spinnaker.http.authz
  default message=""
  allow = message==""
  message = "Your role lacks permissions to create new applications"{
        createsTaskOfType("createApplication")
        input.user.isAdmin!=true
        not hasRole("applicationCreators")
  }
  hasRole(role){
      input.user.roles[_].name=role
  }
  createsTaskOfType(tasktype){
      input.method="POST"
      input.path=["tasks"]
      input.body.job[_].type=tasktype
  }
  {{< /prism >}}

> - This policy will disable the ability to create new applications, or update existing applications unless the applications have specified at least 1 role with 'write' permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This policy disables the ability to create new applications or update existing applications unless the applications have specified at least 1 role with 'write' permissions.
```
